com/example/burrowwebapp/dto/LoginFormDTO.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.dto.LoginFormDTO
com/example/burrowwebapp/controller/DeviceController.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.controller.DeviceController
com/example/burrowwebapp/data/ComponentRepository.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.data.ComponentRepository
com/example/burrowwebapp/BurrowWebAppApplication.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.BurrowWebAppApplication
com/example/burrowwebapp/dto/RegisterFormDTO.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.dto.RegisterFormDTO
com/example/burrowwebapp/controller/ComponentController.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.controller.ComponentController
com/example/burrowwebapp/models/Room.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.models.Room
com/example/burrowwebapp/data/RoomRepository.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.data.RoomRepository
com/example/burrowwebapp/models/Component.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.models.Component
com/example/burrowwebapp/data/DeviceRepository.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.data.DeviceRepository
com/example/burrowwebapp/AuthenticationFilter.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.AuthenticationFilter
com/example/burrowwebapp/WebApplicationConfig.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.WebApplicationConfig
com/example/burrowwebapp/data/PropertyRepository.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.data.PropertyRepository
com/example/burrowwebapp/models/Property.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.models.Property
com/example/burrowwebapp/controller/PropertyController.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.controller.PropertyController
com/example/burrowwebapp/models/Device.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.models.Device
com/example/burrowwebapp/models/User.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.models.User
com/example/burrowwebapp/controller/AuthenticationController.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.controller.AuthenticationController
com/example/burrowwebapp/models/AbstractEntity.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.models.AbstractEntity
com/example/burrowwebapp/controller/RoomController.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.controller.RoomController
com/example/burrowwebapp/data/UserRepository.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.data.UserRepository
com/example/burrowwebapp/controller/HelloController.java
 com.example.burrowwebapp.controller.HelloController
